Add .gomplateignore support (#225)
hairyhenderson/gomplate: docs/content/usage.md

For processing multiple templates in a directory you can use `--input-dir` and `--output-dir` together. In this case all files in input directory will be processed as templates and the resulting files stored in `--output-dir`. The output directory will be created if it does not exist and the directory structure of the input directory will be preserved.  

> You can use `.gomplateignore` ignore some files, have the similar behavior to the [.gitignore](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `.gomplateignore` to ignore some files in the input directory, with similar syntax and behaviour to [.gitignore](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore) files.
```
